# mosquito-gis

### Project Overview:
Static website created to show results of Spring 2020 Mosquito Population Analysis independent study for the CDC's Midwest Center of Excellence for Vector-Borne Diseases (MCEVBD). 

The focus of this project was digitizing catch-basins and mosquito traps in Milwaukee County, as well as creating a relational database tracking mosquito larvae levels. The static website was created to display the findings. Because the focus of the project was GIS, in the interest of time creating the website, the bulk of the text was formated using Microsoft Word-converted html documents. Those documents (index_page.html and maps_page.html) were then referenced from index.html and maps.html. The navigation bar and slideshow container code was pulled and adapted from code examples on w3schools.com. 

Project site was hosted using Amazon Web Services (AWS) Simple Storage Service (S3).

### Database Tables:

**Catch-Basin (CB) Table Attributes:**

There is a unique CB table for each of the four study areas.
* `Object ID` generated by ArcMap
* `Shape` point
* `CB Number`
* `Location` study area
* `Additional location comments`
* `Key` unique identifier for each CB, used to relate to Mosquito Larvae Data Table
* `Latitude`
* `Longitude`


**Trap Table Attributes:**

There is a unique Trap table for each of the four study areas.
* `Object ID` generated by ArcMap
* `Shape` point
* `Trap Number`
* `CDC trap` boolean value: indicates use of CDC trap
* `Gravid trap` boolean value:  indicates use of Gravid trap
* `Location` study area
* `Additional location comments` addresses, resident contact information, etc.
* `Year` year trap was utlized
* `Latitude`
* `Longitude`
  
  
**Mosquito Larvae Data Table Attributes:**

Contains all the mosquito Larvae data collected - referenced via the `Key` field from the CB tables.
* `Object ID` generated by ArcMap
* `Date`
* `Epidemiological Week`
* `Site` study area
* `CB number`
* `Treatment`
* `Treatment Date`
* `Early`
* `Late`
* `Pupae`
* `Number pupae`
* `Pass/Fail`
* `Days post treatment`
* `Weeks post treatment`
* `Key` unique identifier for each CB, used to relate with CB Tables


